Sad
You are not alone.
There is nothing wrong with getting help.
There is also nothing wrong with pushing others away.
You don’t have to do things others do or people tell you to do.
Never blame yourself for the people who seem to have left you behind.
In life, you can not win every battle, but you can definitely win the war.
You are in control.
You still need the rest.
You can pray, someone will listen.
Loving is amazing.
But never ever ever forget to love yourself as well.
Fear
Your fear isn’t always a sign you’re about to make the wrong move.
Procrastination isn’t your friend.
You can’t spend too much time worrying about things you might regret.
You can’t stay stuck in the same place forever.
You shouldn’t be ashamed of your fear.
You’ve overcome your fears before.
The timing is never going to be perfect.
The timing is never going to be perfect.
Hesitant
Do not worry about what you cannot control.
Remember: it’s okay if you don’t know what’s coming next.
You don’t need anyone to complete you.
Remind yourself that it’s only life.
You are under absolutely no obligation to do what anyone else is doing.
Take time for self-care.
You deserve happiness.
Speak out openly and often about what you care about.
Let go of society’s rules of what defines the “ideal” life.
Learn to do what’s best for you.
Try not to worry so much about all of the little things in life.
Remember that a bad day doesn’t equal a bad life.
Stop comparing yourself to everyone else.
When things go wrong, pick yourself back up and learn from them.
Don’t put up with a half-hearted relationships.
Say Yes to being who you truly are, rather than to being who you think you are supposed to be.
Calm
You are what you choose to become in this moment. Let go, and begin again.
You have enough. You do enough. Inhale, exhale… let go, and just live right now in the moment.
Be here. Just right here. No matter what, you can always fight the battles of just today.
Be selective with your energy. If you can fix a problem, fix it. If you can’t, then accept it and change your thoughts about it.
Remember, you alone get to choose what matters and what doesn’t.
What you focus on grows. Stop managing your time. Start managing your focus.
Happy
You control my own happiness.
Try going to make someone else’s day today.
You are worthy and deserving.
What you are doing matters.
Today is another opportunity to make someone smile.
